Ilm alias (#3826)
elastic/apm-server: docs/ilm.asciidoc

ILM can now be customized via the remaining `apm-server.ilm.setup.*` configuration options.

[float]
[[custom-ilm-alias]]

> ==== Create a custom ILM rollover_alias

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Create a custom ILM `rollover_alias`
```

> You can define a custom `rollover_alias` per event type.

Reviewer: We should probably also explain what a rollover alias is.

Author: Good point, added some description.

NOTE: Ensure that the configured aliases for all event types start with the same prefix,
and that this prefix is also configured for `setup.template.name` and `setup.template.pattern`.
If the template configuration is not accordingly changed, the Elasticsearch index template with
the predefined mappings will not match against created indices, leading to indexing issues.

> The example below shows how to change the rollover alias to some custom value,
> and setting the template configuration to a matching name and pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows how to change the rollover alias to a custom value,
and set the template configuration to a matching name and pattern.
```

[source,yml]
----
apm-server:
  ilm:
    enabled: "auto"
    setup:
      mapping:
        - event_type: "error"
          rollover_alias: "apm-dev-error"
        - event_type: "span"
          rollover_alias: "apm-dev-span"
        - event_type: "transaction"
          rollover_alias: "apm-dev-transaction"
        - event_type: "metric"
          rollover_alias: "apm-dev-metric"

setup.template.name: "apm-dev"

> setup.template.pattern: "apm-dev*"

Author: Actually variable parts are not allowed in `rollover_alias`. The indices and rollover aliases need to be set up on startup of the APM Server. Therefore allowed variables are restricted to known `observer.*` attributes. 
In case a variable part is configured, the server refuses to start up.

> setup.template.pattern: "apm-dev*"

Author: Added a note to the docs.

> setup.template.pattern: "apm-dev*"

Reviewer 2: Ah right - thanks.
